this is the feature. this is sequrity layer. you must ask for all new features what role may use it or a new role is needed. Add this to ADR

back tasks:
1) add users storage. Each user must have user name, password (hash only), when added, list of roles (isAdmin (means user has all rights), edit devices, add devices, remove devices, edit users), isBlocked, theme.  if user has no roles then he is simple user.
2) when users table is empty then add user admin with password "admin" and role admin. check always when boot
3) add authorization method

Web UI tasks:
1) add authorization (not basic ) form to the Web UI. This form user should see when opens URL first time. user name, password and checkbox "remember me". if user has admin role ignore this checkbox. Use the dark theme. detailed content I'll add later

Roles and actions:
simple user can see tabs STATUS, DEVICES, SYSTEM/LOG, SYSTEM/MAINTANANCE/Appearance. Can't add/remove/edit devices but can perform any actions.
Any additional roles give to user additional abilities:
1) edit devices - user can edit parameters of devices
2) add devices - can add new devices but can't edit
3) delete devices - can delete devices
4) edit users - user can see tab Sequrity and edit users EXCEPT admin. This user cant create user with role admin. Only user with role admin can create user with ADMIN role.
5) admin - can see all tabs and perform all operations and actions.

1) move System/Sequrity to top level tab Sequrity
2) Add to web UI skill NEVER don't dmake button width to full page. ALWAYS make mindful width.
3) Add to Web UI skill: ALWAY close dialogs if user click outside the dialog
4) add to web UI skill: ALWAYS check if user change data on dialog and ask him to close without saving
5) apply new rules from Web UI skill
6) if user session is timed out - redirect the user to login page
7) after firmware update user is signed out so update dialog must check login window to detect that router came back
8) you duplicate THEME label in APPEARANCE card. remove extra frames. also move the button SAVE immediatelly to the right from the combobox. inside the frame

task: Lightweight MQTT server. this feature to optionally replace homeassist with this lightweight router.
1) add lightweight MQTT server starts optionally.
2) replace attribute ENABLED in MQTT settings with SERVER TYPE. New attribute is option of disable, remote, local. default disabled as it's now.
3) local MQTT server must starts if SERVER TYPE is local. In this case on the web UI parameter SERVER must be hidden
4) if local MQTT is chosen then requires authorization depends on whether user and password filled or not
5) If local MQTT started turn ON the blue led on the master
6) MQTT server must allow remote connections


lets keep this idea for the future task. Now I want to develop a new big feature. In two words I wnt to make a separate web console for user withot specific role (simple user). Such users must after login see the new console that will have to take the
  form the console to control devices (only as user: 0n, off, open, close, see values of sensor and so on). Such users will see Tabs on top of screen with names of available for him consoles. each Console is single tab with it's content. this content must
  be editable by user with new role Console editor. User with role Content editor will see a new Tab at the left "menu" named "Consoles". PLace this tab after Sequrity. On this tab place a table with columns Console name, active, users. Add to user entity
  attribute consoles (multiple) which user can see. When editing user there must be a gropup of checkbox with exidting consoles and user can check several so user be able to see these consoles when loggins. for edit console (new or existing) open a new
  large dialog. In this dialog user can add content. Each console contains widgets stacked in grid (user can drag widget and drop on new place for change order, left/right order). Each widget contains added by user (editor) devices. Devices are vertically
  stacked. If the device is On/Off device must have control for switch, for window control up, down and stop small buttons and current position, and so on. Make some button in widget stile by pressing which new widget will appear and button-widget moves
  down. Each widget has global title, optionaly global On/Off switcher control (like in homeassist) for all On/Off items contained in widget. Come up with idia how to edit this parameters. Global On/Of is On if at least one devices is ON. Add a button in
  each widget, in edit stage only, by click wich add device dialog appears. In this dialog user can choose device from registerd devices (drop down list), chennal number if device has more than 1 channel, title. If device is measure sensor propose choose
  measure unit from drop-down list (base known units for pressure, temperature, speed, direction and so on according to device class). User can, at edit stage, change devices order by drag and drop them. Can edit added devices (for example by clickin by
  them). At edit time don't send any commands to devices. When user finishes to edit console he press button save. Add button Export Console to edit dialog for user have ability to export console to JSON for later restore. Add button Import from Json to
  edit dialog. This button may be enabled only if console user editing is empty. May be I'll add more later 